[Music]
hey everyone
my name's russ i'm a digital marketer
based in melbourne in australia
uh sam here my good mate from the uk hey
sam
hey guys hey russ yep likewise
i'm a digital marketing guy based in
southwest of the uk
helping businesses and brands grow
online
awesome now we talk all the time around
digital marketing and the challenges
that we have in terms of
explaining to clients prospects
to our mans about you know what it is
that we do
what what is this digital marketing you
know tomfoolery what's it all about
and part of the way we help communicate
that is through analogies
yes m exactly right so
we essentially want to stop doing what
we've seen a lot of companies a lot of
agencies do which is essentially confuse
customers
with all this tech talk all this jargon
um well you never really know
what's going on so it's like a builder
or gardener coming to my house
and i'm saying sam uh by the way i'm
terrible with diy
i always get a professional win or even
my fiance does it because i'm that bad
so it's like professional come to my
house sam we're gonna do x we're gonna
do y we're gonna do z we're going to fix
it and at the end of the day i'm just
like take my money i know you're going
to do a great job
whereas we want to we want to simplify
this right now we want to make sure you
understand exactly what all these
digital marketing analogies
or tech talk means um so it's like
you're talking to your grandmother it's
that plain it's that simple and it's
that clear
100 enough spin enough tech talk jargon
enough trying to run rings around you so
that you know you don't understand
what's going on you're feeling that pain
we just want to make it
helpful hopefully explain a few things
so every week what we're going to do
is throw a challenge at each other
around okay
explain x to me this time next week and
then we'll come back with an analogy
that you guys will understand it better
and you can even tell your mans what it
means as well
that's it guys so we look forward to
seeing you in the next episode
cheers guys thank you